Deprecate IGNORE_URLS and replace with TRANSACTION_IGNORE_URLS (#811)
elastic/apm-agent-go: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[float]
[[config-ignore-urls]]
=== `ELASTIC_APM_TRANSACTION_IGNORE_URLS`

[options="header"]
|============
| Environment                           | Default | Example
| `ELASTIC_APM_TRANSACTION_IGNORE_URLS` |         | `/heartbeat*, *.jpg`
|============

> A list of patterns to match HTTP requests to ignore. An incoming HTTP request

Reviewer: Can you please add a note below that we'll continue to support "ELASTIC_APM_IGNORE_URLS", and that it's deprecated and will be removed in a future release

Examples: `/foo/*/bar/*/baz*`, `*foo*`. Matching is case insensitive by default.
Prefixing a pattern with `(?-i)` makes the matching case sensitive.

> NOTE: `ELASTIC_APM_IGNORE_URLS` is deprecated, and will be removed in a future major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: this configuration was previously known as `ELASTIC_APM_IGNORE_URLS`, which has been deprecated and will be removed in a future major
```

Otherwise people unfamiliar with existing config might think it's a typo, or even glance over the difference, and think it refers to `ELASTIC_APM_TRANSACTION_IGNORE_URLS`
